Privacy and Cookies.

Proctorio ("we," "our," "us") provides services to users throughout the world and thanks you for visiting proctorio.com, our Internet website ("Site"). If you use our services in the United States, Proctor.io Incorporated (a Delaware corporation) is the data processor for your information. If you use our services anywhere else, Proctorio d.o.o. (a European corporation) is the data processor. This privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") details Proctorio's use of Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) about users of our Services.

Note: This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Service and, if applicable, the terms of your SaaS Agreement with us. Any terms not defined herein are defined in our Terms of Service or our SaaS Agreement.

Policy Updates.
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Proctorio may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Proctorio will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at proctorio.com and may not notify you of the updated posting. Proctorio encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes and to subscribe to receive update notifications from us on GitHub. Your continued use of the Services and/or continued provision of Personally Identifiable Information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

Privacy.
Any content you provide to Proctorio is subject to this Privacy Policy, which governs our collection of your information and content and the forwarding of such information to your institution, university, college, school, or organization. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and forwarding (as set forth in this Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to your college, university, instructor, school or organization. In providing the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as technical support messages. These communications are considered part of the Services, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.
You agree to have your identity verified by Proctorio using the methodology that is most currently employed by Proctorio.
You agree to allow Proctorio to monitor you by webcam, microphone, browser, desktop, or any other means necessary to uphold integrity. At the discretion of the exam administrator, this may include a scan of your surroundings and computer display. This monitoring will be conducted by machine or by a live person. The information collected during the session may be recorded and provided to the institution, university, college, school, or organization and can be viewed by authorized personnel thereof.
If you entered into a SaaS Agreement with Proctorio on behalf of an Institution or Customer, you agree that Proctorio shall collect and use Customer Content to fulfill its duties, provide services, and improve services under an applicable SaaS Agreement. Customer will make available any Customer Content upon request.
Proctorio may use certain De-Identified Data from an Institution's Student Users who use the Application Service under Institution's rights, and through an agreement with Institution, for product development, research, or other purposes. De-Identified Data is Customer Content that removes all direct and indirect personal identifiers of Student Users, including, but not limited to, name, location information, and school ID. Proctorio agrees not to attempt to re-identify De-Identified Data and not to transfer De-Identified Data unless that party agrees not to attempt re-identification.
Proctorio does not directly collect payment information and is not a money-services business. To the extent such functionality is made available in the Services, it is provided by an unaffiliated third party, and like any other third-party service, subject to their terms of use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proctorio may invoice Customers according to an applicable SaaS Agreement.

Note: Proctorio takes privacy extremely seriously. Refer to the FERPA Policy for more information.

Information Collection and Use.
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any Personally Identifiable Information. To use the Services, however, we may be required to collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, phone number, and institution ("Personally Identifiable Information"). Additionally, we may invite you to participate in surveys, questionnaires, contests, or to contact us with questions, comments, or to provide us with feedback, which due to the nature of some of these activities, may include the collection of Personally Identifiable Information. By accessing or using the Services, we might collect additional data as set forth below in the "Aggregate Information" paragraph.

Note: Proctorio strictly adheres to the Family Education Rights Protection Act of 1974 (FERPA). Refer to the FERPA Policy for more information.

We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you to deliver certain services, news, or information related to the Services, verify your authority to use our Services, and improve the content and general administration of the Services. If you do not wish for your Personally Identifiable Information to be used as described in this Section, you should not use the Services.  You may also opt out of receiving promotional notifications by following the opt-out instructions in the emails that are sent to you.

Note: Under no circumstances will this information be disseminated to third parties for any use.

Secure Exam Proctor Administration: To register an institution to use the Proctorio Secure Exam Proctor solution, an administrator account must be created. To register this account, Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, phone number, institution name, and campus email address), must be provided along with information regarding the learning management system ("LMS") used by the institution.

Secure Exam Proctor Request for Demo: To request a demonstration of the Proctorio Secure Exam Proctor solution, Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, phone number, institution name, and campus email address), must be provided along with information regarding the LMS used by the institution.

Secure Exam Proctor Exam Environment: You can generally utilize the Secure Exam Proctor for taking a proctored examination without revealing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself. The information collected during the examination process will only be used in an anonymized form for product development. The types of information collected depend on the exam settings and can include video, audio, and websites visited.

Secure Exam Proctor Technical Support: To contact technical support Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, phone number, institution name, and campus email address), may be collected to facilitate the troubleshooting process. Disclosure of such information is considered voluntary and will not be used to create a record.

Note: Proctorio's technical support complies with FERPA and all employees are required to complete FERPA training.

Children's Privacy.
Our Services are directed towards adults who are of the legal age to access them in their respective jurisdictions. By accessing and using our Services, you represent and warrant that you are of the legal age to form a binding contract with us in your respective jurisdiction and that you meet the foregoing eligibility requirements.  If you do not meet these requirements, you must not access or use the Services.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual who was ineligible to access or use the Services, we will take steps to remove such information.  If you believe we might have any information from or about a user who is ineligible to use the Services, please contact us at privacy@proctorio.com.

Cookies.
Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies to use the Site. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. Proctorio may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.

Note: Cookies used by the Services cannot personally identify you.

Aggregate Information.
We may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, and IP addresses. We may also analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and will not contain Personally Identifiable Information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

Third Party Services.
Proctorio uses a variety of services hosted by third parties to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs, help center, and knowledge bases, and to help us understand the use of our Services. These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP request.
We do not control third parties' tracking technologies.  If you have any questions about these third-party technologies, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

Data Deletion and Destruction.
Proctorio will store and maintain institutional data for up to 30 days after the termination of an applicable agreement, unless otherwise specified.  If, however, you have entered into a SaaS Agreement with Proctorio then we will retain your data for six months by active data retention and for one year by cold storage.  We may be able to retain your data for longer periods of time subject to an additional fee and agreement by you and Proctorio.
According to the Institution's preference regarding data destruction, Proctorio will either: 1) destroy the data, or 2) deliver it to the Institution.
Questions regarding data storage, recovery, and deletion should be directed to:

Proctor.io Incorporated
Attn: Data
6840 E. Indian School Road
Scottsdale, Arizona 85251
Email: security@proctorio.com

Disclosure.
We do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information except in the following limited circumstances:

Law and Harm: We may disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Proctorio's rights or property.

Business Transfers: If Proctorio is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.

Other Disclosures: We may disclose your information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it and to enforce or apply your SaaS and other agreements with us.

Links to Third Party Sites.
The Site may provide links to other Web Sites or resources over which Proctorio does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Proctorio of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Proctorio is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Proctorio is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

Security.
We employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, which includes encryption and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information. The data you transmit as part of your use of the Services ("Storage Data") is in encrypted form and Proctorio does not have access to your Storage Data in its unencrypted form.

Note: Only authorized users, defined as "School Officials" in the Family Education Rights Protection Act of 1974 (FERPA) will have the ability to decrypt any academic records stored by Proctorio.

Proctorio conducts daily security audits including penetration testing and vulnerability assessments. Client institutions or their designated representatives may review security testing results or conduct their own security audit of Proctorio's data security and storage practices. Written requests for inspection and testing can be made to security@proctorio.com.

Data Breach Notification.
Proctorio maintains an information security plan to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of Personally Identifiable Information of users and client institutions. As part of its information security plan, Proctorio will notify affected individuals and institutions of a data security breach without unreasonable delay and in no event later than 72 hours from discovery of the breach. Written notification will be sent by first-class mail to the address on record for the individual or institution.

Written notification will contain:

A brief description of what occurred with respect to the breach, including, to the extent known, the date of the breach and the date on which the breach was discovered;

A description of the types of Personally Identifiable Information that were involved in the breach;

A description of the steps the affected individual or institution should take to protect against potential harm from the breach;

A description of what Proctorio is doing to investigate and mitigate the breach and to prevent future breaches; and

Contact procedures for individuals to ask questions or learn additional information, which will include a toll-free telephone number, an email address, website or postal address.

If Proctorio determines individuals or institutions should be notified urgently of a breach because of possible imminent misuse of unsecured Personally Identifiable Information, Proctorio may, in addition to providing notice as outlined above, contact the individual or institution by telephone or other means, as appropriate.

California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section ยง 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email privacy@proctorio.com.    

EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.
Note: Proctorio adheres to EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). Refer to our GDPR page here here https://proctorio.com/gdpr for more information.

Proctorio complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Proctorio has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.

Under the Privacy Shield frameworks, Proctorio is responsible for processing the personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, as well as transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Proctorio complies with the Privacy Shield principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield frameworks, Proctorio is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (for issues pertaining to Privacy Shield). In situations where public authorities make lawful requests for information, such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, Proctorio may be required to disclose personal data.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based, third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.

As more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@proctorio.com.
