Terms of Service.

These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use the services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, documentation, and applications, (the "Services", "Proctorio", or "We"), and any information, text, graphics, photos, audio, video, or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as "Content"). Your access to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Basic Terms.
You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you post to the services, and for any consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display will be able to be viewed by your authorized representatives of your institution, university, college, school, or organization. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others under these Terms.
You may use the Services only if you or your institution, university, college, school, or organization can form a binding contract with Proctorio and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
The Services that Proctorio provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that Proctorio provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition, Proctorio may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally and may not be able to provide you with prior notice. We also retain the right to create limits on use at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to you.

2. Privacy.
Any content that you provide during your interaction with Proctorio is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs our collection of your information and content and the forwarding of such to your institution, university, college, school, or organization. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and forwarding (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to your college, university, instructor, school or organization. As part of providing you the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as technical support messages. These communications are considered part of the Services, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.
You agree to have your identity verified by Proctorio using the methodology that is most currently employed by Proctorio.
You agree to allow Proctorio to monitor you by webcam, microphone, browser, desktop, or any other means necessary to uphold academic integrity. At the discretion of the exam administrator, this may include a scan of your surroundings and computer display. This monitoring will be conducted by machine or by a live person. The information collected during the session may be recorded and provided to the institution, university, college, school, or organization and can be viewed by authorized personnel thereof.
Proctorio does not directly collect payment information and is not a money-services business. To the extent such functionality is made available in the Services, it is provided by an unaffiliated third party, and like any other third-party service, subject to their terms of use.
Note: Proctorio takes privacy extremely seriously. Refer to the Privacy Policy and FERPA Policy for more information.

3. Restricted Access.
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Proctorio reserves the right to restrict access to areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Proctorio's discretion.
If Proctorio provides you with a username and password, API key and secret or consumer key and secret to grant you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that any of these credentials are kept confidential. Proctorio cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.
Proctorio may disable your username and password, API key and secret or consumer key and secret in Proctorio's sole discretion without notice or explanation.

4. Content on the Services.
All Content, however transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control all Content posted via the Services and we cannot take responsibility for such Content. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk.
We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no circumstances will Proctorio be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or broadcast elsewhere.

5. Your Rights.
By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, transmit, display and distribute such Content to your institution, university, college, school, or organization.
You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you provide, and for any consequences thereof that may be imposed by your university, college, school, or organization. Proctorio will not be responsible or liable for any use of your Content by your institution, university, college, school, or organization in accordance with these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.

6. Your License to Use the Service.
Some of our Services require you to download client software ("Software") which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we'll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so.

7. Proctorio Rights.
All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Proctorio and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Proctorio name or any of the Proctorio trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Proctorio, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.

8. Proctorio Minimum System Requirements.
Proctorio offers a flexible service, which may include recording of video, audio, and screen activity or none of the above. The system requirements are dependent on the exam settings.

9. Restrictions on Use of the Services.
We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and to reclaim usernames without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Proctorio, its users, its clients, and the public.
Note: Proctorio does not collect or disclose personally identifiable information with third parties.
You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Proctorio's computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Proctorio's providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Proctorio (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Proctorio (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Proctorio is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.

10. Copyright Policy.
Proctorio respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us. If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you. In appropriate circumstances, Proctorio will also terminate a user's account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer. Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement appearing on the Services is:

Proctor.io, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
160 Greentree Drive
Suite 101
Dover, DE 19904
Email: copyright@proctorio.com

11. Ending these Terms.
The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Proctorio as follows.
You may end your legal agreement with Proctorio at any time for any reason by discontinuing your use of the Services. You do not need to specifically inform Proctorio when you stop using the Services. If you stop using the Services your accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity under the sole discretion of Proctorio.
We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account.
In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, and 12.
Nothing in this section shall affect Proctorio's rights to change, limit or stop the provision of the Services without prior notice, as provided above in section 1.

12. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability.
Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of Proctorio and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the "Proctorio Entities"). Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.

A. The Services are Available "AS-IS".
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE PROCTORIO ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
The Proctorio Entities make no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Proctorio Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.

B. Links.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the Proctorio Entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the Proctorio Entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.

C. Limitation of Liability.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PROCTORIO ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE PROCTORIO ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID PROCTORIO, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PROCTORIO ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

13. General Terms

A. Waiver and Severability
The failure of Proctorio to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

B. Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in Kent County, Delaware, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding choice of law).

C. Entire Agreement
These Terms and our Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between Proctorio and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with Proctorio that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between Proctorio and you regarding the Services. Other than members of the group of companies of which Proctor.io, Inc. is the parent, no other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the Terms.
We may revise these Terms from time to time, the most current version will always be at proctorio.com/tos. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
These Services are operated and provided by Proctor.io Inc., 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, Dover, DE 19904. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

Effective: July 1, 2013